James / Mom
Do have anything to tell me?
No
So
Do you hurt your legs?
Please tell me that I saw is not what I thought
Why?
Why did you choose like this?
I asked you, why don’t you answer?
Why?
Mom
You don’t love me anymore?
Please listen to me
I know
What have you been through
Since I was I kid
I never see you happy
I always see your tears
Every time
That Dad hurt you
Or Dad dispersing you
And you
You are going to cry alone
I’m not Ok
And I know
How much you hurt
That
Dad was abandoned you
To be with another guy
If that day
I can’t help
I can’t help you immediately
And how can I live without you
You know that?
I have no one mom
Mom
If I be like this
If I like a boy
I love boy
Do you still proud of me?
I’m so proud of you son
I love you
James, listen to me
Do you know
Before I met your father
I used to love someone
It’s my first love
Or can say true love
World made us meet
Or we believe that it’s a Destiny
But other people
No one except us
Most of them are disgusting us
When they’re looking at us
They’re abominate
We are so strange for them
No one gives us a chance
Even if my family
So it makes me
gave up with my true love
I decided
to let that person go
Because
I don’t want to hurt my mothers heart
Mom
Can you tell me?
Who is that person?
Sky’s mom
She is a good person
I’m so glad that today she is happy
Mom
I love you
I don’t know
If I tell you, you will be ok or not
You will can expect me or not
I don’t know
I can’t expect it, I understand
Will you disappointed on me or not
I always proud of you my son
It’s ok son, it’s ok
Listen son
I’m so glad
If someone come to your life
And he is a right person
Do not let him go
Understand?
Yes mom
I love you
I love you too my son
I’m proud of as always
You’re the best for me
See! Are you a kid
It’s so late now, I better go the bed
Are you okay?
Sure, don’t worry
I’m fu*king love you
Aside from my mom, I just have you
You love me right?
You love me ?
You love me, just say it
I love you
Say it
Say You love me
Sky
I love you
I love you too
Oh Sh*t Sky!
What is this?
Sky!
Wake up
Hurry up
It’s morning already
Wake up
What?
Can I have more time?
No, wake up
It’s already sun rises
Why did you move the stuff?
It’s already good position
Am I moved?
I haven’t moved anything
But you! Why did you sleep like this?
Hurry up
Don’t say anything
What?
You don’t even kiss me
I already gave you a big kiss
Don’t you know that?
Lies
You’re comfortable right?
Don’t wanna get up right?
Yes, I love it
Really soft bed
Wait
You drum the bed edge
Go, hurry up
Wash your foot first
Hurry up
Wash my foot for?
Go!
Stop saying
Don’t kiss me
You’re so weird
You not me
Maybe strange place
Damn sleep
Go to the bathroom
Clean your foot
Go go, I will clean it for you
James Sky, Eat breakfast
Yes mom
Wait for a second
Come on
See, there are all my favorite
Be hurry, then mom gonna complain
Come on
Let’s eat
Thank you mom
Please test it for me, is it delicious?
Sure mom
Here you are
My lovely son
Eat too much
Sky, do you like vegetable?
I love it
See, Sky like vegetable look at his skin
So healthy skin
But my son doesn’t like it
Mom!
Just testing it, is it yummy?
So yummy mom
Don’t lie to me ok?
I tell the truth
Then just eat too much
So you also eat
Yes I know mom
I give it to you
Don’t give me the chilies, I don’t eat spicy
You better eat
Oh I forgot
What mom?
This is my favorite
I have prepared it since you haven’t wake up
Proud to present
This one
My favorite
Fruit
Do you like fruit?
Yes mom
I really love it
After main course should eat fruit
To make your mouth clean
Sky, mom knew that I don’t like fruit
So bought fruit for me
Fruit has a lot of benefits
Know that?
We should eat a good food
That’s true mom
My son
My one and only son
I give you a special one
Have chili again
I forgot the water, empty glasses now
It’s ok
I’ll take it mom
Ok
What’s wrong?
Spicy?
It’s just the same
Sine you are kid until now, always complaining
My son
Please take care of him, don’t like to eat vegetable
Sure mom
See, Sky eat the good food look at his skin
You better eat the good food as well
Don’t eat the less benefit
Stir-fried vegetable combination
Have benefits and don’t spicy
After finished the food don’t forget pineapple
So after finish eating
I have to go back to work
So please take care of him
Yes mom
Your house is so beautiful and very good atmosphere
Beautiful in every where in the house
I love it
If you like just come more often
Ummm
I figured out
Uncle Dang shaved ice
Very delicious
f we missed it, so bad
P’James, we better go to eat
I think he’s still have it
Please P’James
Are you hungry?
Need some banana?
P’James
You’ve been looking at my banana for long time
Take it
Don’t be considering
You mother bought it a lot
Take it
Or you can take this one
What’s wrong with you?
So can we go to eat shaved ice?
Wanna go?
I don’t know
Don’t know what? I asked you, wanna go?
Uncle Dang!
Yes, go
So what’s wrong with you?
P’James
F*ckkkkk
I can’t control it
Sh*t
Sky
What?
No!
Just a second
What happened to you?
Please
No!
So heartless
Just help me a little bit
Help what?
What?
Do not smile
Don’t even help me
You’re not a good person
But normally I never be like this
Or strange place
Well well, you’re so happy
Vegetable and Fruit
All you like, my mom have all of it
Can find for you all
Mom knows that I don’t like it
But always want me to eat
Are you my mom’s lovely son
What’s this?
I saw you drink a lot in Bangkok
Is that delicious ?
It’s a juice from Tipco
There’s orange pulp
You can eat easier than fresh fruit
And it’s really good for us because there’s no sugar
Wouldn’t fat
Am I fat?
I want some
Can you feed me?
Come on
How’s it?
Its delicious and easy to drink
P’James
I’ll show this picture
This one when I was a student at high school and I took this at this village
You’re looking so good with the student uniform
I wanted to u to see that I stayed in this village
I see
So do you have any plans today?
Ummm, so
There’s a annual festival
I want to take you there
Annual festival
Is that at the city hall?
Yes yes that is
I really miss that atmosphere of annual festival
I have an idea
P’James
Do you see this necklace?
It’s my favorite necklace
I bought it from this festival
But I lost it
If destiny is real
I wish that merchant
Will be there
Don’t worry
I will go with you and buy a new one
Really?
Of course
Then go now
Wait wait
Who’s going to sell it at this time
I forget it
So we have many hours before go to the festival
What should we do?
Or
We can do something in the bedroom
Is that good idea?
Assuming
Assuming what?
I mean
Go to watch the movie in the bedroom
What did you think?
Just watch the tv
Go now?
Let me drink it
Come on
And the end of the year like this
Visiting the good place, good atmosphere like this
For me
I’m so bored the hustle of the city
That’s true
But
The good atmosphere is not enough
Because
The person that beside me also important
I would be with you like this forever
Beautiful house
Good atmosphere
And also have you
So sweet talking, you’re super cute
I think
I should give you a reward
Seriously?
When did you buy it?
I bought it when I going to buy you a food
Do you know that’s so hard to find it
Do you believe me, this necklace
It may look normal
But for me, it’s a mental value
Because a person I love
Bought it for me as a gift
It’s my mother
But
I have something for you too
What?
Wanna know? Then close your eyes
Why?
I’ll surprise you
Ok
Close your eyes
Do not cheating
Come on, I’m ready
Hurry up
Sky
Why just
Why just this
I need a little bit more
Can’t give me more?
Please
A bit more
I want it harder
Please Sky
Come on
No one can see
Only one time
Around here
Around your mouth
Come on
I’ll close my eyes
I closed it already
I’m ready
Come on
Hurry up
Thank you my boy
I never thought that we gonna met each other again
Because You
are my soulmate
Happy new year